overwhelmed but still hanging on and
still
working the reception is crowded and
it's hot it's the heat of
Summer the medical staff try to keep
some order in a world of
chaos currently we have two outbreaks
the first outbreak the outbreak of
hepatitis A there is a lot of
complicated cases of hepatitis A became
presented to the hospital here this
Hospital bore in its uh resources to
deal with such large number of cases
we're currently in the emergency
department in Al OA hospital and as you
see it's a complete chaos children are
laying on uh the floor they do not have
even beds to sleep on according to their
mother they have been waiting for
treatment for hours as doctors are
overwhelmed with the amount of injuries
the amount of diseases we're not only
talking about
Palestinians with uh injuries from the
Israeli air strikes we're also talking
about diseases like hepatitis A
Hepatitis B polio and other skin
diseases with no room asash sits on her
daughter H's bed in the corridor
I was shocked when I found out that my
daughter has hepatitis A she was
suffering from stomach cramps in high
temperature for about 3 weeks she's very
sick now and doctors say her situation
is dangerous I think her illness is
because of the lack of cleaning
materials and sanitation here in
Gaza the other outbreak doctors here
tell us is of empo a skin infection
child after child are showing up here
suffering symptoms
the reasons for these two outbreaks can
be considered the same overcrowded lack
of personal hygiene lack of water lack
of everything lack of Life lack of
safety lack of
dignity and 10 months into this war a
seeming lack of Will on behalf of the
International Community to put far more
pressure on Israel to stop Hind alaz
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer